day1:

html
1. creating html structure
2. displaying the raw data
3. applying the formatting elements to html content: h1 - h6, p, strong, etc., 
4. working with attributes, applying the attributes to html elements, 
5. creating the lists: order list, unorder list and definition list
6. creating the tables and displaying the data or organizing the data
7. working with images & displaying
8. creating the sample page
9. creating the form with elements of, input: text, email, password, url, radio, checkbox, etc.,
10. working with media objects., audio & video
11. implementing the semantic elements

css
1. started with css, introduction


day2: 

css
1. creating the sample html page
2. applying the inline styles
3. applying the embedded styles
4. applying the external styles
5. understanding the concept of custom styling: applying class attribute
6. understanding the concept of custom styling: applying id attribute
7. applying the colors: name, numeric & hexadecimal
8. creating the sample web page with css & html, using multiple properties
9. creating the blog page design with horizontal & vertical
10. understanding about display property and addiional properties
11. understanding about the position propertis and additional properties
12. created the sample page using flex box, display: flex property

day3: 

css
1. create one more example or concept of grid layout
2. applyed the hovering effects to buttons
3. aplyed the hovering effects to images
4. created the menu bar with icons with css properties

bootstrap
1. started with the concept of bootstrap / introduction
2. created the fixed layout
3. created the fluid layout
4. create the breakpoint layout
5. creted the multi column layout with content
6. create the sample or common web page layout
7. implemented the concept of typography

day4: 

bootstrap
1. cont., with the concept of typography, 
2. created the table layouts & its classes
3. created the lists & list groups
4. create the forms, different form layouts, 
5. form elements & its appearance implemented
6. created the custom forms
7. implemented the input groups
8. created the buttons & its dropdowns
9. added the buttons & its styles
10. created the  button groups
11. displayed the images & its alignments
12. created the responsive videos displaying with ratios
13. created the dfferent ways of cards designing
14. create the image overlay
15. implemented the media objects & its alignments
16. create the basic navigations

